### FORK

Creates a new process by duplicating the calling process. The new process is referred to as the child process. The calling process is referred to as the parent process.

Fails, when there is no memory to allocate.


### STAT

Display file or file system status.

Arguments: char filename, stat buffer


### KILL

Sends a signal to a process.

Arguments:

pid_t:  
If pid is positive, then signal sig is sent to the process with the
      ID specified by pid.
        If pid equals 0, then sig is sent to every process in the process
      group of the calling process.
        If pid equals -1, then sig is sent to every process for which the
      calling process has permission to send signals, except for process 1
      (init), but see below.
        If pid is less than -1, then sig is sent to every process in the
      process group whose ID is -pid.

int sig:
If sig is 0, then no signal is sent, but existence and permission
     	checks are still performed; this can be used to check for the
     	existence of a process ID or process group ID that the caller is
     	permitted to signal.

Fails:

if the target process or process group does not exist

if the calling process does not have permission to send the signal to any of the 	target process.

if an invalid signal was specified


### MMAP

map or unmap files or devices into memory

Arguments:

mmap:
	void *addr
	size_t length
	int prot
	int flags
	int fd
	off_t offset

munmap:

void* addr
size_t length

### CHMOD

chang file mode bits

Arguments:

chmod:

char *pathname
mode_t mode

fchmod:

int fd
mode_t mode

Fail:

file does not exist

a component of the path prefix is not a directory

The file descriptor fd is not valis


### WAITPID

wait for process to change state

Arguments:

pid_t wait:
		int *wstatus

pid_t waitpid:
		pid_t pid
		int *wstatus
		int options

int waitid:
		idtype_t idtype
		id_t id
		siginfo_t *infop
		int options


### What is a trap instruction?

A trap istruction is a procedure call that synchronously transfer the control. It is a software interrupt generated by the user program or by an error when the operating system is needed by it to perform the system calls or an operation.
